good morning good afternoon and if anybody's listening on from the Asia. I am super. more excited to have the EC here to my knowledge I think this is the first time the EC is a group ever come to one of our Tech Huds so it should be a really good affirmation of the importance of techn. science and our mission of Healthcare of why we have such a strong. and as we looked at the last quarter and I did the town hall about 2 weeks ago we talked about the many accomplishments we've seen throughout jjt and the impact it has to our mission of. the outcomes that we're driving for whether that be supportive selling gene therapy and carvicky to work in digital surgery connecting information the work we're doing to modernize our core foundations through signify and finance or transcend the work we're doing to connecting data and supply. and what we're doing that compliantly also within cybersecurity and a really amazing Foundation of techn. so a lot to be proud of and if you listen to our EC members what I'm so proud and honored and humbled to be with them is they're not only amazing Business Leaders global leaders with tremendous domain and knowledge expertise in the areas that they lead but they're also. be in bed technology in the course of their strategies and the course of customers. so a lot to be proud of over the last. a lot to look forward to what you think about two great companies being shut up it's another big shout out to the accomplishments of this past year with the really healthy setup of canvue and we know technology was the long pole on the 10th of a lot of work happening in many groups to really set up two really. so I'm really excited about this town hall I hope you all are as well I'm really super honored and humbled to invite our CEO and recently announce chairman of J&J Joaquin and also his really important role as interim CIO for a year so please welcome walk into the stage. thank you thank you everyone and you know you you know what is the real reason I became see you all right so it was this one year of interview that put me you know ahead of any competition so I am very grateful to all the jjt team to help me in that endeavor so why did the executive comedy wanted to come to raditan today two things one is to. thank you for all the hard work that you have done during 2022 for all the contributions that we will discuss today so thank you very. this is me now I'll talk to you and you guys have been able to deliver in many different fronts. the second thing is to tell you and the rest of the activity committee members are going to Echo that that the work that you do really matters. you are at the center of the transformation of Johnson & Johnson on becoming a digitally enabled company and we need you and you refers to continue to do our job in impatient in impacting patients lives around the world so I want you to keep that in mind if people ask you what did Joaquin said during the town hall two things. thank you very much for the great job you did in 2022 to what we do really matters in accomplishing the mission of. so let me go into some of the things that are highlights for me of what you have been able to accomplish in 20221 you really improve data access and data utilization we had significant goals in data science and intelling Automation in achieving a savings there and achieving efficiencies and what you did was really important in enabling us to achieve this the savings I think it's it's about 800 million dollars that we accomplish through. do they leave it in multiple static programs that are so important for us to be able to run the company more effectively you deliver on signify you're working in Galileo you're working interesting you're working in multiple programs like the contact center that are going to help us run the company. you also help us in security and our networks we were celebrating Marines career at Johnson & Johnson and let's keep Marina big up close please. we love you too Marine so celebrating Marie's career onions your job is the only job that happens in the company to make sure that nothing happens right. so you know marine and the IRS are in team made sure during 2022 then nothing happened and we are very grateful for that very grateful. and then we are awesome track to achieve 45% Cloud adoption and that's a significant indicator of the progress we are making in modernizing our core technology infrastructure so so thank you very much for that it's great progress and it shows how much our technology organization has contributed to the. so let me go into all the aspects that are somehow historical today so today is the last time that the executive committee meeting meets with our consumer group. so this is the last time that came view meets as part of Johnson & Johnson as. so it's really a milestone day for the Camby organization we are ready to go in January 2023 to start operating as a company within a company during that period candy will still be part of Johnson & Johnson until we actually you know get can view as a new public company later. Choice an important milestone for kenview today and I know the jjt team has been so instrumental has put so much work in order to make this creation of this new company possible he mentioned that I know the technology aspects were a key element of being able to start as a company within a company in January and I know many people in this room has been working very hard and I know some of you maybe employees that will convey to I'm looking at Bernardo now so. so I want to make sure that you know how much we appreciate what you have been doing and how much we wish you the best in this new adventure and exciting adventure of creating a new company like can view do I think that came to you it's going to be widely successful absolutely yes you know I think that came to you as an independent company it's going to be able to capitalize on the tremendous strength of the people working at camview and also the iconic brands that came you have that are well known and that is part of the ocean. Band-Aids baby shampoo those are the type of things that people think about so you're taking a very important part of Johnson & Johnson with you and I am convinced that we have a tremendous opportunity with coming came you as a standalone company Focus. so let's keep camview a bigger plus before we continue. I also would be remiss not to recognize that we have the key of the Signet with us today Tebow mongo and we also boost the best. Hollywood what is so so exciting for me is that we have a unique opportunity for creating a new. 936-year-old but you know getting younger which is our new Johnson. so this is awesome with opportunity to remind Johnson & Johnson and to make sure that we make Johnson & Johnson a more competitive company moving into the future so we should take this opportunity not only to create a new company with Cambio but also that we see the moment to be able to to make Johnson and Johnson a company that is going to be able to last another. in. one key element that is going to propel the new Johnson and Johnson is clearly going to. on one hand I'm going business technology it's going to be able to enable us to make more progress in science and in the medicines and medical technology that we bring to patients in this decade that we have done in the last. so the combination of science and technology is going to be at the center of our mission in the way we. but it's not going to be only in what we doing not and then in the way we impact patients it's going to affect every single aspect of our company as we will see today it will affect what we do in our commercial organization it will affect that we do in a great way in our supply chain and in the way we handle every single function HR Finance so the way we run the company will be powered by. I am convinced that this is part of the things that we have to do in order to make sure that we have a company that will last we don't want to be a company that is not successful during during this early successful in a cycle we are a company that needs to be successful in. on our progressing technology and what extent we make technology part of everybody's job in the company it's an important element. look in the new Johnson and. well we have to continue to evolve and we will have to continue to get better in many areas including technology there are things that are not going to. our Credo will remain the same our focus on the patient will remain the same will be a Purpose Driven company and I'm very optimistic about the fact we have a bright future at the new Johnson and Johnson and continue to address the needs of the patients and continue to work on behalf of our employees and continue to have an impact in. what makes me positive about our future moving forward is you guys the people working at Johnson & Johnson I was impressed when I read the results of this Credo survey this year and I heard that more than 90% of the people working at Johnson & Johnson it's willing to do the extra mile and the extra step to work harder on be. that's the type of Engagement that's the type of company we are a company that. has a heart that wants to do something in order to. so with that I'm going to invite Rowena and Larry that are going to need some fireside chats with our executive committee members so Rowena and Larry please come on stage thank you very much I feel like a 6. you get a car and you get a car. either invites Bill Ashley Tebow. good morning welcome to the segment of the fireside chat and because we have such a big list of pre submitted questions we're going to bring. so this segment we're going to talk about using technology to save and improve lives now as digital continue to drive a new wave of innov. would like to stop by exploring. he's in. cuz this is leaders what are some of the ways that you have digitally enabled. so looking forward do you continue to see the pace of digital Investments acceler. thank you Rubina and hi Larry as well and hello everybody it's great to be back here for a town hall and it's great to see. I see the pace actually accelerating and and it yeah if we feel like I'm a really really steep curve I think the Pharmaceuticals group has really made great strides throughout 2022 if I think of a couple of key examples I'll use our omnichannel efforts commercially where we're really powering across all of our regions data sciences and digital are really an AI ml are coming together to help us really identify that right customer to get to and reach at the right time with the right message in the right way and it's enabling us to be even more effective and getting that next prescription for patients as well as being more efficient because we're finding there's a lot of customers that we really don't need to be calling on or maybe don't need to be calling on with the same frequency or where we can have greater impact with different messaging through a different vehicle so using using that as one example another one that Springs to mind is our. and there were taking patient's blood reengineering it getting it back to them and using it to help fight their cancer. not only put them into REM. if you can imagine that flow where every patient is. that chain of custody chain of identity throughout the system is highly digitally empowered and we had to to work with outside partners and at our great team here to really create how to do that for us but then the whole piece once it gets back to the patient and accompanying the patient through their Journey as well and and staying connected with them has really been key so just to to key ideas and I'm sure bill will talk about data. hoping to power our clinical trials helping to power drug discover. I can't think of an area of our business that it is not. and helping us be better faster. and. no I mean thank you Verina and Larry it's great to be back and you know I would just say thank you for kind of putting the tech into Healthcare and the tech and the med tech and you know I see more use cases really end to end in the businesses whether it be you know an act of you which is one of our largest facing Brands where we actually have more folks in my Act of you than Starbucks's app and that keeps people in the category and when they're having digital strains it really keeps them with compliant usage or I go to our fast growing biasis Webster business which is soon to cross four billion dollars where the world leader and cardiac ablation really important to to manage afib and prevent a stroke and. the advancements of cartonet you know we have live connectivity interoperatively to really show how many lesions are you ablating what's your right first time how does this case rack and stack to Prior cases stay tuned to that we have a new addition to the to the J&J family ABIA Med which we're soon to welcome it will become our 12th billion dollar platform and change a Medtech and they have a very cool smart assist program that you know the CEO shows me all the time on his iPhone around how he tracks every single patient in the in the cath lab or in the or that day and can actually have live communication with the clinical rep and the physician to adjust anything at bedside so you talk about kind of being on The Cutting Edge of healthcare and Healthcare is delivered and then I would just acknowledge you know those are really products obviously we're taking all of that and what we're going to go do to lead and soft tissue robotics but also I get excited you know we were with the quality team and how they're going to you know have applications of you know high can you go find that sop for me and you know 2 seconds versus 2. you know what ahmed's doing around how we kind of modernize how we how we innovate on clinical trials and design control so I really think that we're still very much at the early. really good examples of how. people congratulations on the Kennedy side of things so would you like to. before I do that I would like to build on on your kings comment and and share with you two. the first thank you is for all of you to your King's Point who have worked so hard for. to enable the. and even. and. I must say that you have moved mountains and continue to move mountains when we started this journey sometime ago now it was not a. and to see how gate review after gate review your teams have. who is. and in quality delivery is just remarkable so I wanted to really really share with you this big thank you for the bottom of my heart on behalf of the canvue team and J&J overall the second thank you is to thank you for everything you are going to do. Falcon View. from now on. starting with a smooth cut over of hundreds of systems in January and more to come and then we are going to be working together. and as a close cousins for a number of months as part of our TSA Arrangement and I know that I can count on your continued commitment to make sure that auto companies are successful moving moving forward so. dot but also a big thank you for for everything we have done the past couple of years to transform consumer health in a digital first company when we started the transformation that one of the pillar we identified where we were. behind and when we had to accelerate and when you look at the consumer health sector today if we say. I'm going to separate from a position of strength it's also true. whether it's supply chain commercial R&D it's night and day today compared to where we were a couple of years. and whether it's at also translates into a. whether it's in without Tylenol smog check that just received the Johnson Middle on on Monday that is our first entry into telemedicine or acquisition of our first tech company. cricket. smoking cessation business very excited to. previous from now. multiple ways to have. externally and. but one thing that I think has made a big difference and continues to make. is a humidity to say. these are all these shiny objects but let's face reality or data the quality of our data is. and so having this humidity and prioritize the. the work on Dat. accessibility and connectivity has been really transformational for for us and will continue to be. big thank you for everything you have done so far and what you. people and if I guess Diamond project. taking a lot of our team's time and in fact we name the leader from. and and Bill from an R&D perspective would you like. let me give you a current day View and then. So currently one of the biggest problems in the world is. one of the biggest problems. curing lung cancer treating lung cancer is diagnosed too late and even when it's diagnosed early it had been very difficult to get at these small. so an instrument like monarch works in the following way it's a robotic pulmonic bronchoscope but I call it a pulmonoscope. Monarch can do for the lungs with the colonoscope can do for the cold and it can go anywhere in the lung to find these nodules how does it find them it takes the data from a CAT scan a CT scan and takes those data loads them into a platform with an algorithm that converts it into a 3D image so the operator uses a GPS system to go this way that way this way through all the different bifurcations of the lung all the way out to the nodule to dot to biopsy and now we're even looking at treating with energy and with potentially. that's today and what about the. future will all know all the diseases that we are suscept. how we know that we'll know that because we'll all have been interrogated with our genomic sequences proteomic sequences metabolomic will know everything about ourselves we will know our. we will have wearables and plantables Invisibles that will be monitoring whether or not we're inspecting if we go out of spec or check engine. when I check engine light will go on autonomously they'll be a correction and we'll go. back note if you think that is really crazy futuristic let me remind you of the implantable cardiac. so what does that do. what does it do so it is implanted in into the. and it monitors the rhythm of the heart every single beat normal abnormal if there's a quick abnormal Beetle do nothing but if the heart goes into a potentially fatal Rhythm like ventricular fibrillation the patient doesn't do a thing but now you're out of spec in the defibrillator automatically shocks you back into normal Rhythm and save your life now that's today. if you think this this future is far-fetched and and if you think that digital will be. even more important just think about the possibilities of what the future of medicine can be and how it's all going to depend on the aggregation of data the curation of data the interrogation of data and then making actions like we can see. just today but. yeah my check engine light came on a couple of times so I love that concept and these are these are these are great great Reflections but as we look at the emergence of a variety of digital Technologies and. I think there's more for you as well. how has that changed how we view consider and look at both external and. so there are so many aspects to it let's take it in the following ways let's take it in the Discover. we now can. data. interrogation of data with both data science and more sophisticated machine learning to begin to look at enormous number of molecules let's say small molecules that we would have never imagined in a million years could dock into an active site on a target for. these are Beyond human recognition we could not comprehend this but with machine learning suddenly new structures appear that can be docked into new chemical structures appear that can be docked into the active side of molecules and suddenly there's a whole new class of drugs that we could have never imagined before now we go to the next step which is Translating that into the into the practice of medicine into the treatment of patience now we need to be able to identify those patients who have the correct let's call it genomic signature that could be. best treated with this drug with a few. and then again that all requires huge amounts of dat. through biomarkers and genomic sequencing to identify those patients who are the ones most likely to benefit for example Amy that Ami vadnab is a remarkable drug it hits egfr and cement but it's particularly useful for those patients who have a very specific insertion into the EGF Gene. now we wouldn't know that before if we would have treated everybody who had lung cancer we wouldn't have a drug but when you get to those most likely to benefit now you have a drug. and last but not least how do you do your studies and Jennifer was alluding to that we have to know where the patients are where the best sites are and now we actually do that. sure I threw all sorts of opportunity all sorts of Prior history and current utilization of our products and who have done good studies with us before to select the right sides we did that for our covid-19 vaccine and we're doing that for almost everyone. still have to tell you that's impressive you introduce acronym. so that's pretty impressive meeting I didn't understand where they said that yeah. maybe a question around what are your thoughts Ashley and Jennifer around. and. journey in helping make better decisions. right now how to kind of redesign and they did a lot of after-docratic you know assessment on how to do a hip or knee procedure and really getting the patient all the data will show is how ready is a patient is directly correlated to you know the outcome that you're going to get and that could be you know your food your nutrition the pace of your gate and so really mapping that out we're getting much better outcomes no surprise in addition to where I like to say world-leading scientifically based implants but by really mapping out that patient experience and we're just taking that use case to cataract surgery to you know colorectal surgeries to really get patients ready and then I would say at the end it's post surgery or post the intervention you know how are they tracking at home how is their date at home are you starting to see you know a change in that how do you get self-regulation on your pain score at home and have a Telehealth visit versus have to get them back into. again I think I'm encouraged by what all of you guys have been doing to help us on on these platforms and I still think that we're really early on Rel. yeah you know when I think about it so where do we add the greatest value we add the greatest value when we can really. outcomes and really strive for cures and so that means driving to go early and trying to catch those patients very early so so before the check engine light even comes on or is is blinking completely red get trying to you know help identify them get the patients you know get people the right types of information that they can then use with their Physicians to Aid in an earlier. work through a different ways to. early and you think about. natural. can be used to identify certain things before. then you know you get patients you get them into treatment how do you best keep them on. you can all different types of companion types of programming be it internet be it additional education be it virtual visits there's a lot of things that you can do to help patients really be compliant stay on the course. I really see throughout the patient Journey they're being so many ways that we can help Empower this above and beyond what the actual products would do by themselves to help drive those better outcomes than. imagine the disease like Alzheimer's if you wait until the neurons of your brain are destroyed and you try to fix that patient is very very difficult but on the other hand if you could find the patients who are on the road to getting Alzheimer's disease and intervene sooner with an effective treatment before they lose all of their neurons you have a better chance so for example in the external Innovation space we've looked at companies that just by following how people click on their cell phones they can begin to detect subtle changes for New Generation Parkinson's might be an obvious one but also for house is one of the indicators that beginning to emerge that you may have the accumulation in your brain of things like amyloid. how people communicate the words they communicate with and the frequ. can be indicators if they're going. but I think about it really in three areas in terms of our talent agenda and one is getting the right people in to influence the external environment and which we want to operate so they're thinking about people who can look around corners for what regulations do we need in place in order to Launch. talking about. so that's like the external you know. and then there's what do we do to support it all right we need to actually have people who know how to write those contracts and think around corners and and create the right. and how do we protect. how do we upscale our cells and also the entire. so that we behave properly. in the way that we need to in order to still. and then you know the third thing is looking inward our own house we have to. change the way we're doing certain things we need to use intelligent automation to speed. still having the right risk controls. and there are many other ways that we could use digital in automation for looking through large amounts of information like. and in litigation using data analytics to think about what are the best times and places to bring. and you know there there are there's data we could. are those really the three big areas and and talent and getting the right people with the. well as the partnership with so many of you. but what. process is a very fundamental currency. as we move one more into the digital space I think the digital experience needs to be as compassionate and as caring as what we strive to do. always thinking about invading. any technology to the Forefront of the business so. yes I you know I alluded to it trust with you know being entrusted with people. having regulators and health authorities. know that you are. entity is hugely important and we already have a large reservoir of. credibility as a. because of our. with Healthcare professionals and with hospitals and Hospital systems and also the way that we come at it through the lens of our Credo we have a lot of credibility that we're not just interested in healthcare Innovation which of course we are and using data to advance that but we're also known. what's in it for the. is something we're very clear on in terms of. so that distinguishes us in one really important way from others in the text. Amazon Apple Google who want to get into this space right they want to become a trusted health authority and provider well that's great but they've also previously been selling you shoes and t-shirts and. so they have a steeper Hill to climb there but we're not complacent about that we really need to be sure that we have the right controls in place from a Cy. from a you know what data are we Contracting to own are we being really thoughtful about that and once we have it do we have all the right systems and controls and knowledge in place to to treat it with the respect. so I think there's a lot that we already have going for us and some of that skill building that will need going forward in order to. that Liz is absolutely correct when we look at our corporate. specially when you look at the farm. look at the. these are not these have not traditionally been at the top of the list of of trusted companies. but when you talk about J&J J&J actually holds a different. people's hearts and minds and that is because of the trust that we've built over the years with all of our stakeholders and that's an important thing is we to keep as we evolve. new J&J so very. the other thing I'll say is that from a partnership standpoint with jjt we have a real opportunity here in in how we show up one of the things that was new to me and looking and coming into this role and looking at our corporate web presence is we didn't have much of a corporate web presence we were doing this a little bit Grassroots a little bit of the spaghetti that Kathy described. so we have an opportunity in the new year to start some of the standardization of the corporate sites which is something that we're working on very closely with all of you and that's important because we want our stakeholders to have a consistent experience with Johnson and Johnson as an. and that's. and then the second thing I'll say is that we want people to be able to access and have access. so accessibility is something that we're also working very closely with your organ. I'm making sure that we're digitally accessible to those who have who have some certain disabilities so that's another area where we're leaning in we want to be the. we never want to lose that that's part of our core mission. this panel as well thank you for a great conversation thank you and now we'll turn it thanks Liz turn. thank you Rowena and Larry for moderating a very very esteemed audience and panel there so so hopefully you've heard a tremendous impact that organization has had and I can't say how proud and humbled. part of it I can't tell pride and humbled I am to work with amazing leaders on the EC think about all the things they're trying to drive we're driving to drive together for. I also want to thank all of the organizers of. this doesn't happen by chance I could tell you many people put many hours in to make sure that we showed up well and we had really good session so a big shout out and think I'd like him around Applause. what they've been able to do and just remind you a couple things for the agenda today before I turn it over to. is we have a text showcase we're going to highlight some of the technology that we've talked about with the EC so they get to see that first hand whether that be our digital. environment for our data centers and operations whether that be our work with the augmented reality the work we're doing with 5G employee compute a number of things that highlight the Imp. I also want to take a credit and a credit recognition I should say for the people that decorated their various parts of this building it's a yearly event so thank you for all and if you have a particular vote on what your favorite one please to make that no but it's also part of the fun that we. but I absolutely am truly honored not to be part of this organization you all rockstars that I like to call you guys and what you do and ladies would you do around the world and you're all focused on. so with that I'm a turnover to our Co one last time for. thank you Jim and I'll be up close to the EC too they need a nice job in showing you. so as we have a a Q&A with you guys I thought why don't I ask myself a couple of questions you know and then we we make it happen no so first question so fucking 2022 it's already gone what do you think about 20-23 Joaquin what is going to be you know tell me tell me what do you think. my answer so. hey 2023 you guys know I mean there's a number of headwinds out there I mean you you read the papers you know what the macroeconomic situation is have the recession the inflation and then internally we have our own challenges like everybody else from a market perspective and some patent expirations at the end of the year right now when I think about those circumstances for me those are the circumstances that high quality companies like. we have used the war sometimes of we are built four times like this and I think this is a situation where the strength of our company it's going to continue to shine so while next year is going to be a complex here I'm convinced that will succeed and will continue to do well as we have done during. great so with that said you know what what do you think we need to do well in 2023 in order to to be able to have the success that you were you know were ref. one is that we need to be able to be very choiceful about what. on one of my principles that I have discussed with you and by now you should know is. so if we want to be able to be effective in 2023 with the number of things that are going to come our way we have to be selective on what we do and we have to be able to Prior. prioritize means choosing things and stopping doing others prioritize doesn't mean doing less of. so prioritize is being able to be Choice full and select the things that you guys think are going to. second thing we have to be very focused on execution we have a clear operating model we have a clear purpose we have a clear strategy you should not expect changes there so all our emphasis all our efforts should be put. so if we are able to prioritize and to focus on execution without distractions I think that's going to go a long way of being successful in. both in achieving our performance goals and also in continue to have impact in our patients and consumers. third question. what do you think about jjt you know you know how are we doing what is the role that jjt play in the company or as a gym says what does the business think about. So my answer look I hope that this town hall has helped you to understand two things one that we are very grateful of the effort you put in 2022 and it doesn't go unnotice although you may think sometimes that you were behind the scenes all the efforts that jjd has done and how much progress. thank you. second I hope that by listening to the different easy members you understand better how much impact did you eat has in in a cross section. not only in Guana speak but in every single aspect every single leader that's come up today has showcase how technology is helping them in enabling them to deliver better results and ultimately delivered for the pat. so thank you very much for that I hope you have a wonderful holiday season and a great 2023 thanks a lot. 