but I think about it really in three areas in terms of our talent agenda and one is getting the right people in to influence the external environment and which we want to operate so they're thinking about people who can look around corners for what regulations do we need in place in order to Launch. talking about. so that's like the external you know. and then there's what do we do to support it all right we need to actually have people who know how to write those contracts and think around corners and and create the right. and how do we protect. how do we upscale our cells and also the entire. so that we behave properly. in the way that we need to in order to still. and then you know the third thing is looking inward our own house we have to. change the way we're doing certain things we need to use intelligent automation to speed. still having the right risk controls. and there are many other ways that we could use digital in automation for looking through large amounts of information like. and in litigation using data analytics to think about what are the best times and places to bring. and you know there there are there's data we could. are those really the three big areas and and talent and getting the right people with the. well as the partnership with so many of you. but what. process is a very fundamental currency. as we move one more into the digital space I think the digital experience needs to be as compassionate and as caring as what we strive to do. always thinking about invading. any technology to the Forefront of the business so. yes I you know I alluded to it trust with you know being entrusted with people. having regulators and health authorities. know that you are. entity is hugely important and we already have a large reservoir of. credibility as a. because of our. with Healthcare professionals and with hospitals and Hospital systems and also the way that we come at it through the lens of our Credo we have a lot of credibility that we're not just interested in healthcare Innovation which of course we are and using data to advance that but we're also known. what's in it for the. is something we're very clear on in terms of. so that distinguishes us in one really important way from others in the text. Amazon Apple Google who want to get into this space right they want to become a trusted health authority and provider well that's great but they've also previously been selling you shoes and t-shirts and. so they have a steeper Hill to climb there but we're not complacent about that we really need to be sure that we have the right controls in place from a Cy. from a you know what data are we Contracting to own are we being really thoughtful about that and once we have it do we have all the right systems and controls and knowledge in place to to treat it with the respect. so I think there's a lot that we already have going for us and some of that skill building that will need going forward in order to. that Liz is absolutely correct when we look at our corporate. specially when you look at the farm. look at the. these are not these have not traditionally been at the top of the list of of trusted companies. but when you talk about J&J J&J actually holds a different. people's hearts and minds and that is because of the trust that we've built over the years with all of our stakeholders and that's an important thing is we to keep as we evolve. new J&J so very. the other thing I'll say is that from a partnership standpoint with jjt we have a real opportunity here in in how we show up one of the things that was new to me and looking and coming into this role and looking at our corporate web presence is we didn't have much of a corporate web presence we were doing this a little bit Grassroots a little bit of the spaghetti that Kathy described. so we have an opportunity in the new year to start some of the standardization of the corporate sites which is something that we're working on very closely with all of you and that's important because we want our stakeholders to have a consistent experience with Johnson and Johnson as an. and that's. and then the second thing I'll say is that we want people to be able to access and have access. so accessibility is something that we're also working very closely with your organ. I'm making sure that we're digitally accessible to those who have who have some certain disabilities so that's another area where we're leaning in we want to be the. we never want to lose that that's part of our core mission. this panel as well thank you for a great conversation thank you and now we'll turn it thanks Liz turn. thank you Rowena and Larry for moderating a very very esteemed audience and panel there so so hopefully you've heard a tremendous impact that organization has had and I can't say how proud and humbled. part of it I can't tell pride and humbled I am to work with amazing leaders on the EC think about all the things they're trying to drive we're driving to drive together for. I also want to thank all of the organizers of. this doesn't happen by chance I could tell you many people put many hours in to make sure that we showed up well and we had really good session so a big shout out and think I'd like him around Applause. what they've been able to do and just remind you a couple things for the agenda today before I turn it over to. is we have a text showcase we're going to highlight some of the technology that we've talked about with the EC so they get to see that first hand whether that be our digital. environment for our data centers and operations whether that be our work with the augmented reality the work we're doing with 5G employee compute a number of things that highlight the Imp. I also want to take a credit and a credit recognition I should say for the people that decorated their various parts of this building it's a yearly event so thank you for all and if you have a particular vote on what your favorite one please to make that no but it's also part of the fun that we. but I absolutely am truly honored not to be part of this organization you all rockstars that I like to call you guys and what you do and ladies would you do around the world and you're all focused on. so with that I'm a turnover to our Co one last time for. thank you Jim and I'll be up close to the EC too they need a nice job in showing you. so as we have a a Q&A with you guys I thought why don't I ask myself a couple of questions you know and then we we make it happen no so first question so fucking 2022 it's already gone what do you think about 20-23 Joaquin what is going to be you know tell me tell me what do you think. my answer so. hey 2023 you guys know I mean there's a number of headwinds out there I mean you you read the papers you know what the macroeconomic situation is have the recession the inflation and then internally we have our own challenges like everybody else from a market perspective and some patent expirations at the end of the year right now when I think about those circumstances for me those are the circumstances that high quality companies like. we have used the war sometimes of we are built four times like this and I think this is a situation where the strength of our company it's going to continue to shine so while next year is going to be a complex here I'm convinced that will succeed and will continue to do well as we have done during. great so with that said you know what what do you think we need to do well in 2023 in order to to be able to have the success that you were you know were ref. one is that we need to be able to be very choiceful about what. on one of my principles that I have discussed with you and by now you should know is. so if we want to be able to be effective in 2023 with the number of things that are going to come our way we have to be selective on what we do and we have to be able to Prior. prioritize means choosing things and stopping doing others prioritize doesn't mean doing less of. so prioritize is being able to be Choice full and select the things that you guys think are going to. second thing we have to be very focused on execution we have a clear operating model we have a clear purpose we have a clear strategy you should not expect changes there so all our emphasis all our efforts should be put. so if we are able to prioritize and to focus on execution without distractions I think that's going to go a long way of being successful in. both in achieving our performance goals and also in continue to have impact in our patients and consumers. third question. what do you think about jjt you know you know how are we doing what is the role that jjt play in the company or as a gym says what does the business think about. So my answer look I hope that this town hall has helped you to understand two things one that we are very grateful of the effort you put in 2022 and it doesn't go unnotice although you may think sometimes that you were behind the scenes all the efforts that jjd has done and how much progress. thank you. second I hope that by listening to the different easy members you understand better how much impact did you eat has in in a cross section. not only in Guana speak but in every single aspect every single leader that's come up today has showcase how technology is helping them in enabling them to deliver better results and ultimately delivered for the pat. so thank you very much for that I hope you have a wonderful holiday season and a great 2023 thanks a lot. 